This is for an assignment for Algorithm Design and Analysis

From my initial testing, the most optimal solution is to prioritize meetings by shortest duration followed by earliest start time. However, for more rigorous testing, I wanted to test several scheduling algorithms with many repetitions scheduling randomized meetings. In the end, I implemented 6 different sorting algorithms for prioritizing the scheduling of meetings: earliest time, shortest duration; shortest duration, earliest time; latest end, shortest duration; latest end, longest duration; shortest duration, latest end; and longest duration, latest end. From this, I found that shortest duration, earliest time and shortest duration, latest end were the two best performing algorithms. Shortest duration, latest end was better by a very small margin most runs. This margin was rather negligible and likely resulted from a slight bias in meeting start times from how the random meetings were generated. I did also add in features to make the program somewhat interactive, but the current version of it has that part commented out in favor of showing the random trial data because I find that more interesting/informative. The algorithm itself is efficient given that—at its core—it is a sorting algorithm. In the real world, it does lead to problems in scheduling longer meetings, because as long as there is a shorter meeting that would interfere with the longer meeting, the longer meeting is bound to not be scheduled. This also pops up with shortest task first CPU scheduling algorithms; while it does maximize job throughput, it comes at a cost of starving longer tasks, especially in cases where there is a constant stream of shorter tasks. In the case of other scheduling apps like Google Calendar, they seem to use more sophisticated algorithms to determine the best meeting times for the participants instead of purely focusing on throughput. Such a feature would be a great improvement to add onto the simple algorithm I implemented. Outside of a work environment, this is an especially notable feature given that one of the most difficult parts of scheduling a meeting is finding a time that works for everyone. Microsoft Outlook also has features to schedule reoccurring meetings that work around participants weekly schedules which would also be a nice upgrade to this feature. 
